docs: announcing kyverno 1.17 (#1857)
kyverno/website: src/content/blog/announcing-kyverno-release-1.17/index.md

---
date: 2025-11-10
title: Announcing Kyverno 1.17!
tags:
  - Releases
excerpt: Moving toward the future With Kyverno 1.17!
draft: false
featured: true
---

# Announcing Kyverno Release 1.17!

Kyverno 1.17 is a landmark release that marks the stabilization of our next-generation Common Expression Language (CEL) policy engine.

While 1.16 introduced the "CEL-first" vision in beta, 1.17 promotes these capabilities to **`v1`**, offering a high-performance, future-proof path for policy as code.

This release focuses on "completing the circle" for CEL policies by introducing namespaced mutation and generation, expanding the available function libraries for complex logic, and enhancing supply chain security with upcoming Cosign v3 support.

## A New Look for kyverno.io

The first thing you’ll notice with 1.17 is our completely redesigned website.
We’ve moved beyond a simple documentation site to create a modern, high-performance portal for platform engineers.

Let's be honest: **the Kyverno website redesign was long overdue**.

> As the project evolved into the industry standard for Kubernetes policy management, our documentation needs to reflect that maturity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the project evolved into the industry standard for unified policy as code, our documentation needs to reflect that maturity.
```

To ensure a smooth transition, we have provided comprehensive resources:

- **[The Migration Guide](/docs/guides/migration-to-cel)**

  Our new Migration to CEL Guide provides a side-by-side mapping of legacy `ClusterPolicy` fields to their new equivalents (e.g., mapping `validate.pattern` to `ValidatingPolicy` expressions).

- **[New Policy Types](/docs/policy-types/overview/)**

  You can now begin moving your rules into specialized types like `ValidatingPolicy`, `MutatingPolicy`, and `GeneratingPolicy`. You can see the full breakdown of these new v1 APIs in the Policy Types Overview.

## Enhanced Supply Chain Security

Supply chain security remains a core pillar of Kyverno.

- **Cosign v3 Support**

  1.17 adds support for the latest Cosign features, ensuring your image verification remains compatible with the evolving Sigstore ecosystem.

- **Expanded Attestation Parsing**

  New capabilities to deserialize YAML and JSON strings within CEL policies make it easier to verify complex metadata and SBOMs.

## Observability and Reporting Upgrades

We have refined how Kyverno communicates policy results:

- **Granular Reporting Control**

>   A new `--allowedResults` flag allows you to filter which results (e.g., only "Fail") are stored in reports, significantly reducing ETCD pressure in large clusters.

Reviewer: Didn't we also add an annotation to allow users to specify which policies should skip reports?

https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno/issues/13886
